Extended stress tests (#1371)
kyma-project/btp-manager: docs/contributor/04-10-workflows.md

    - Certificate regeneration process does not complete within the expected time.

</details>

## Stress Tests

Stress tests are run on the k3s cluster as a separate job.

The job performs the following steps:

- Prepares the k3s cluster with the Docker registry
- Waits for the binary image to be ready in the registry

> - Installs the module with EnableLimitedCache: `true` in `btp-operator-configmap.yaml` ConfigMap to force SAP BTP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Installs the module with `EnableLimitedCache: true` in `btp-operator-configmap.yaml` ConfigMap to force the SAP BTP
```

  Service Operator to use LimitedCache feature.

<details>

> <summary>Post Start-up Check</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>Post Start-Up Check</summary>
```

  creation of large number of Service Instances and Service Bindings.
- **Steps**:
    - Creates a large number of Service Instances and Service Bindings to simulate a heavy load on the system.
    - Invokes kubectl top command to fetch the CPU and memory usage of BTP Manager and SAP BTP Service Operator pods
      immediately after they start.
    - Compares the fetched memory usage for SAP BTP Service Operator against predefined threshold.
- **The test fails in the following conditions**:
    - The threshold is exceeded

</details>

<details>
<summary>Secrets and Config Maps Check</summary>

- **Purpose**: Check the resource consumption (CPU and memory) of BTP Manager and SAP BTP Service Operator after the
  creation of large number of Secrets and Config Maps.
- **Steps**:
    - Creates a large number of Secrets and Config Maps to simulate a heavy load on the system.
    - Invokes kubectl top command to fetch the CPU and memory usage of BTP Manager and SAP BTP Service Operator pods
      immediately after they start.
    - Compares the fetched memory usage for SAP BTP Service Operator against predefined threshold.
- **The test fails in the following conditions**:

>     - The threshold is exceeded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The threshold is exceeded.
```

</details>

### Thresholds

The thresholds are defined as repository variables and can be adjusted if needed. The thresholds are set based on the

> current performance SAP BTP Service Operator, with some margin to allow for performance fluctuations. If the thresholds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The thresholds are defined as repository variables and can be adjusted if needed. The thresholds are set based on the
current performance of the SAP BTP service operator, with some margin to account for performance fluctuations. If the thresholds
```

> are consistently exceeded, it may indicate a performance regression that needs to be investigated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are consistently exceeded, it may indicate a performance regression that must be investigated.
```
